MTM-52839 New design Application solution & Enablement (#1055)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web.md

---
title: Developing applications with Web SDK
icon: "c8y-icon c8y-icon-css"
type: root
layout: redirect
section:
  - app_development
bundle: web
weight: 50
---

> Find out more on how to develop web applications for your Cumulocity IoT platform, connect and communicate with our API as well as integrate UI components into your custom application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discover how to develop web applications with the Web SDK and integrate default or branded UI components into your custom application.
```
